Hi guys, in this tuto we're going to
create a landscape like this using the
engine 5.7.1.
Uh, okay. Mount the landscape materials
and all of these things.
Okay.
Okay. First thing first, open the
editor.
Go here and set create new project. Set
third person as template. Rename the
project. What do you want? Hit create.
Okay. Uh to create landscape, you need
first of all to go here to the file
create level.
After that go here uh say current level
and in the pro the level as you want.
Hit save. After that go hit the window
to set up the lighting with going to
here environment light mixer red sky
light directional light sky atmosphere
volutric fog and create height fog.
Finally let's go down right here and
enable this volumetric fog. After that
uh we have to clip our landscape. Go
here to the landscape mode. We can
create new landscape by going to this
new and hit create or can import from a
file the way that I preferred and add
your height map by right here. Okay. How
to get the height map or generate a
height map. The easy way to get this,
you have to go here to this website.
Okay. Scale.
Okay. 16 bit maps.
I think it's here. the groups. Yeah.
Okay.
PNG.
I think this
Okay. After that, go here. This uh the
website micor github eu you can get the
world map right here and add any height
map as you want for you.
This is latitude and this is longitude
and this is the map preview type and
this is the pixel of the map. Okay,
let's set this one.
I think this is good.
Okay, let's sol this mount.
Okay, I think it's good. Uh, okay. After
that,
uh, single file. Yes, I want single file
PNG system bit. It's equivalent with
here.
uh the unveil engine
after that generate the height map.
Okay, fine. If my map is generated
correctly. Now how to import this height
map? We first import it or height map.
Uh this one.
Now let's return here and go hide map
file and import it from here. This is my
hidem. And let's see.
Uh no uh there is something else here.
We have to go here to the scale the
x-axis make the same 100 and this scale
value change it to fit to get bit best
result.
Uh, okay. Hit import and let's see.
Okay, it looks good. Change the speed of
the camera.
Okay.
Okay. give us how to create
landscape using uh this one
angel 5.7 the is height map from the
world map
and create now let's up the material
next step
this material for the landscape we have
to go here to the top
and search for
a landscape
Okay, finally want to price for free.
You go ahead to price only show free
protectors.
Okay, let's choose this MW
here automat here. This automatic front
end scheme
you can download from here and add the
project. Add project.
Okay, let's download some trees.
Okay, after that let's search for tree
and let's see.
Okay, the trees trees trees trees
police trees trees. Okay, let's choose
this one person.
Okay, this one
to
first I want to download this pack.
We can download project from here
get
this closing
and the download link is
uh okay
now the first file is download this one
uh NWC auto material let's go here and
go through to material then escape and
choose one of those this landscape
example desert and mountain
we have a lot of mountains let's search
one of them okay before use it we have
to go here to selection modular
select the landscape and go down
and skip material
one click right here and one click here
to reply to the tip.
Okay, this is my landscape. It's created
successfully.
Okay, now let's
wait for the trees.
Okay, the downloading of this spruce
forest is uh finished. Okay, let's
continue. Now how to add our trees right
here. There is two
uh there is two ways to do. The first
way is is to using this one the forest
tool or second way is
uh to use the PC. For this tool I want
to use the first way because it's simple
and useful.
Uh okay this pane
let's go here
directive go to meshes
okay after that let's go here select
static mesh
enable it to show all those trees okay
let's add the one by one select the
first one and the last one and press
shift
drag it all from here.
Okay. After that,
select and enable nite for those mess.
Okay. After enabling light, deletable
to select for the first one only. And
let's see
what's happening right here.
Sh.
And there is a problem with sediction
83s. Okay, select the first one and
let's go here to density
and make it five.
Five.
And let's see. Okay. Now, Ctrl Z
to delete all of those trees. Now,
select the front and set the density.
Where is density?
Change it to five. And let's see. Okay.
Okay.
Okay. I think it's fine.
Let's go right here and change this.
Make all the mountain like that.
I think it's fine in that.
Um, okay.
Okay. Now, let's add the return here.
Uh, save all
return here. You can add uh trees as
what you want. Can deselect this one and
this one and add other type of trees.
For me, it's good for this tutorial for
you. We can adjust as you want. Okay,
let's return here. Section mod.
Uh I want to add uh let's adjust the
speed of the camera.
Let's add my third person character
right here.
Uh, okay.
Basic start player.
I want to add it right here.
Okay. This is all for this tutorial.
Okay. Thank you guys for watching this
all for this uh tutorial. See you in the
next tutorial.